c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\DropBoxWCF.exe.config
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\DropBoxWCF.exe
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\DropBoxWCF.pdb
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\DropBoxWCF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\DropBoxWCF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\DropBoxWCF_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\DropBoxWCF.g.resources
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\DropBoxWCF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\DropBoxWCF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\DropBoxWCF.exe
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\DropBoxWCF.pdb
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\App.g.cs
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\App.baml
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\CreateAccount.g.cs
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\Lobby.g.cs
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\CreateAccount.baml
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\Lobby.baml
C:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\ElementMove.g.cs
C:\Users\Алексей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\ElementMove.baml
C:\Users\Алексей\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\CreateFolder.g.cs
C:\Users\Алексей\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\CreateFolder.baml
C:\Users\Алексей\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\WcfClassesLib.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\WcfClassesLib.pdb
C:\Users\Алексей\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\WcfService.exe
C:\Users\Алексей\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\WcfService.pdb
C:\Users\Алексей\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\WcfService.exe.config
C:\Users\Алексей\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\DropBoxWCF.exe.config
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\DropBoxWCF.exe
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\DropBoxWCF.pdb
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\WcfClassesLib.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\WcfService.exe
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\WcfService.pdb
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\WcfService.exe.config
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\WcfClassesLib.pdb
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\DropBoxWCF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\CreateAccount.g.cs
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\CreateFolder.g.cs
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\ElementMove.g.cs
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\Lobby.g.cs
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\DropBoxWCF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\DropBoxWCF_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\App.baml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\CreateAccount.baml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\CreateFolder.baml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\ElementMove.baml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\Lobby.baml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\Windows\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\DropBoxWCF.g.resources
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\DropBoxWCF.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\DropBoxWCF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\DropBoxWCF.exe
C:\Users\Алексей\Desktop\2\DropBoxWCF\DropBoxWCF\obj\Debug\DropBoxWCF.pdb
